Automatic Import: document new 9.4 multi-data-stream flow (#6001)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/automatic-import.md

   :::{image} /solutions/images/security-auto-import-data-stream-flyout.png
   :alt: The Data Stream panel with fields for title, description, data collection method, and sample logs
   :::

7. Select a [**Data collection method**](beats://reference/filebeat/configuration-filebeat-options.md). This determines how the integration ingests the data (for example, from an S3 bucket, an HTTP endpoint, or a file stream).

   :::{note}
   If you select **API (CEL input)** ([Common Expression Language](https://github.com/google/cel-spec) through the [CEL input in {{filebeat}}](beats://reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-cel.md)), upload the API's OAS file. The LLM uses it to determine which API endpoints (GET only), query parameters, and data structures to use in the new custom integration. Select which API endpoints to consume and your authentication method before uploading sample data.
   :::

8. Under **Logs**, either upload a sample of your data or select an existing index. Only indexes that include the `event.original` field are supported. Make sure your sample includes all the types of events that you want the integration to handle.

> 9. Click **Analyze logs** and wait for processing to complete. This can take several minutes. The data stream(s) continue to process as shown by the status on the **Manage my integrations** menu, so you can navigate away and come back later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Analyze logs** and wait for processing to complete. This can take several minutes. The data streams continue to process as shown by the status on the **Manage my integrations** menu, so you can navigate away and come back later.
```
